Get all Bonus Play items

When you finish the game and unlock Bonus Play (or New Game+) you can unlock several items that can be used in this mode, according to Game Revolution. However, if you turn on any of the items you will not be able to earn any trophies. 

Hera's Chalice: This item will drain your health meter slowly over time but never actually kill you basically, this is for anyone who wants to make the game even harder than it already is. You can find it to the left of where Hera first falls in the garden.

Hercules' Shoulder Guard: This item will decrease any damage Kratos takes by one-third. Find it after you see Hercules floating in the water. Swim just below where you found him to obtain the Shoulder Guard. 

Hermes' Coin: You'll earn ten times more red orbs than normal. Find the item in the pile of rubble when you chase after Hermes.

Poseidon's Conch Shell: This item will give you infinite magic. You'll find it in the same chamber where you rescue Poseidon's Princess.

Zeus' Eagle: This item affords you Infinite Rage of Sparta. You can find it after you climb up the wall to the right of the Heart of Gaia. You can't miss it as it's sitting out in clear view. 

Aphrodite's Garter: This item allows you to use the Blades of Athena as long as you want. Find it by going to Aphrodite's chamber, looking to the left of her bed and gliding toward the item's hiding place utilizing Icarus Wings. 

Daedalus's Schematics: This item gives you an infinite Item Meter. Find it in the room with several different earphones after you solve a specific puzzle. 

Hades' Helm: This item will max out your health, magic and item meters. Find it after you kill Hades and jump into the River Styx. You'll find it waiting at the river's bottom if you swim downward and to the right.

Helios' Shield: This item lets you triple your combo meter. Check to the right of where you slay Helios. 

Hephaestus' Ring: This item will let you emerge victorious from all quick-time events/context-sensitive attacks. Search for it where you kill Hephaestus, as it will be to his left by a small pool of water. 