Unlock Trophies

King of the Hill (Platinum) - Unlock all Other Trophies.
aMAZEd (Gold) - Beat the Labyrinth Without Dying or Failing.
Vengeance Complete (Gold) - Beat the game.
Up to the Challenge (Gold) - Beat the Challenge of Olympus.
Unhuman (Gold) - Beat Titan Mode.
Priceless (Gold) - Collect all of the 'Godly Possessions'.
Retribution (Silver) - Kill Zeus.
Freezer Burn (Silver) - Acquire the Boreas Icestorm.
Seeing Things From a Different Perspective (Silver) - Solve Hera's Gardens.
Hooker (Silver) - Kill Hades.
Titan Slayer (Silver) - Kill Cronos.
Sibling Rivalry (Silver) - Kill Hercules.
Maxed Out! (Silver) - Completely upgrade all the weapons.
Eye Candy (Silver) - Collect all of the Gorgon Eyes.
Feather Plucker (Silver) - Collect all of the Phoenix Feathers.
Are You Horny to Win? (Silver) - Collect all of the Minotaur Horns.
Mr. Hand (Bronze) - Discover the secret 'Hades Room'.
Hit Man (Bronze) - Perform a 1000-hit combo.
Rip One! (Bronze) - Rip apart 1 Olympus Sentry.
Nice Tan (Bronze) - Blind 100 enemies with the Head of Helios.
Obedience School (Bronze) - Deliver 50 kicks to Hounds.
Hitting Your Stride (Bronze) - Upgrade any weapon to the next level.
It's getting hot in here... (Bronze) - Burn 100 enemies with the Bow of Apollo.
Souled Out (Bronze) - Summon every Soul with the Claws of Hades.
Bloody Hell (Bronze) - Cover Kratos in 500 buckets of blood by killing the enemies.
No Guts, No Glory (Bronze) - Gut 3 Centaur Generals.
Ladies Man (Bronze) - Successfully entertain Aphrodite.
Releasing the Flood Gates (Bronze) - Kill Poseidon.
Burnt to a Crisp (Bronze) - Acquire the Bow of Apollo.
Mr. Hand (Bronze) - Discover the secret Hades Arm room.
Shine Lord (Bronze) - Kill Helios.
Shoe Delivery (Bronze) - Kill Hermes and acquire his boots.
I didn't do it... But I wish I did! (Bronze) - Kill the Poseidon Princess.
Handy Man (Bronze) - Sever Gia's hand.
Open Sesame (Bronze) - Open the Gates of Tisiphone.
Rescue Me (Bronze) - Save Pandora.
Three Wise Men (Bronze) - Solve the Puzzle of the Three Judges.